[EXPORTABLE_CODE] Update structure of package (#844)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: ote_sdk/ote_sdk/usecases/exportable_code/demo/README.md

# Exportable code

> Exportable code is a .zip archieve that contains simple demo to get and visualize result of model inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exportable code is a .zip archive that contains simple demo to get and visualize result of model inference.
```

## Structure of generated zip:

* model
  - `model.xml`
  - `model.bin`
  - `config.json`
* python
  - model_wrappers (Optional)
    - `__init__.py`

>     - model_wrappers needed for run demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - model_wrappers required to run demo
```

  - `README.md`
  - `LICENSE`
  - `demo.py`
  - `requirements.txt`

> > **NOTE**: zip archive will contain model_wrappers when [ModelAPI](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/demos/common/python/openvino/model_zoo/model_api) has no appropriate standard model wrapper for the model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: zip archive contains model_wrappers when [ModelAPI](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/demos/common/python/openvino/model_zoo/model_api) has no appropriate standard model wrapper for the model
```

* model
  - `model.xml`
  - `model.bin`
  - `config.json`
* python
  - `README.md`
  - `demo.py`

>   - `model.py (Optional)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `model.py` (Optional)
```

  - `requirements.txt`

> > **NOTE**: zip archieve will contain `model.py` when [ModelAPI](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/demos/common/python/openvino/model_zoo/model_api) haven't appropriate model wrapper for using model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: zip archive will contain `model.py` when [ModelAPI](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/demos/common/python/openvino/model_zoo/model_api) has no appropriate standard model wrapper for the model
```

   ```
   > **NOTE**: On Linux and macOS, you may need to type `python3` instead of `python`.

3. Install requirements in the environment:
   ```
   python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Add `model_wrappers` package to PYTHONPATH:
   ```

>    export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:/path/to/model_wrappers

Reviewer: What about Windows shells?

   ```

## Usecases

1. Running the `demo.py` application with the `-h` option yields the following usage message:
   ```
   usage: demo.py [-h] -i INPUT -m MODELS [MODELS ...] [-it {sync,async,chain}]
                  [-l]

   Options:
     -h, --help            Show this help message and exit.
     -i INPUT, --input INPUT
                           Required. An input to process. The input must be a
                           single image, a folder of images, video file or camera
                           id.
     -m MODELS [MODELS ...], --models MODELS [MODELS ...]
                           Required. Path to directory with trained model and
                           configuration file
     -it {sync,async,chain}, --inference_type {sync,async,chain}
                           Optional. Type of inference. For task-chain you should
                           type 'chain'.
     -l, --loop            Optional. Enable reading the input in a loop.

   ```

   As a model, you can use path to model directory from generated zip. So you can use the following command to do inference with a pre-trained model:
   ```
   python3 demo.py \
     -i <path_to_video>/inputVideo.mp4 \

>      -m <path_to_model_directory> \

Reviewer: ?

   ```
   You can press `Q` to stop inference during demo running.
   > **NOTE**: If you provide a single image as an input, the demo processes and renders it quickly, then exits. To continuously
   > visualize inference results on the screen, apply the `loop` option, which enforces processing a single image in a loop.

   > **NOTE**: Default configuration contains info about pre- and postprocessing to model inference and is guaranteed to be correct.
   > Also you can change `config.json` that specifies needed parameters, but any change should be made with caution.

> 2. You can create your own demo application, using `demo_package`. The main class of package is `ModelEntity`.

Reviewer: What is `demo_package`?

Reviewer: Is this section about ad-hoc demo or ad-hoc model (wrapper)? If the latter, why should the user care about it at all?

   ```python

>    class ModelContainer:

Reviewer: What's the difference between `ModelEntity` and `ModelContainer`?

   ```
   > **NOTE**: On Linux and macOS, you may need to type `python3` instead of `python`.

3. Install requirements in the environment:
   ```
   python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Add `model_wrappers` package to PYTHONPATH:

   On Linux and macOS:
   ```
   export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:/path/to/model_wrappers
   ```

   On Windows:
   ```

>    set PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:/path/to/model_wrappers

Reviewer: Really?

   ```

## Usecases

1. Running the `demo.py` application with the `-h` option yields the following usage message:
   ```
   usage: demo.py [-h] -i INPUT -m MODELS [MODELS ...] [-it {sync,async,chain}]
                  [-l]

   Options:
     -h, --help            Show this help message and exit.
     -i INPUT, --input INPUT
                           Required. An input to process. The input must be a
                           single image, a folder of images, video file or camera
                           id.
     -m MODELS [MODELS ...], --models MODELS [MODELS ...]
                           Required. Path to directory with trained model and
                           configuration file. For task chain please provide
                           models-participants in right order
     -it {sync,async,chain}, --inference_type {sync,async,chain}
                           Optional. Type of inference. For task-chain you should

>                            type 'chain'.

Reviewer: Or should not as it is auto corrected?

     -l, --loop            Optional. Enable reading the input in a loop.

   ```

   As a model, you can use path to model directory from generated zip. So you can use the following command to do inference with a pre-trained model:
   ```
   python3 demo.py \
     -i <path_to_video>/inputVideo.mp4 \
     -m <path_to_model_directory> \
   ```
   You can press `Q` to stop inference during demo running.
   > **NOTE**: If you provide a single image as an input, the demo processes and renders it quickly, then exits. To continuously
   > visualize inference results on the screen, apply the `loop` option, which enforces processing a single image in a loop.

>    > **NOTE**: Default configuration contains info about pre- and postprocessing to model inference and is guaranteed to be correct.

Reviewer: What do you mean saying "postprocessing to model inference"?

   > Also you can change `config.json` that specifies needed parameters, but any change should be made with caution.

2. You can create your own demo application, using `exportable code` from ote_sdk.

   Some example how to use `exportable code`:
   ```python
   import cv2
   from ote_sdk.usecases.exportable_code.demo.demo_package import (
       AsyncExecutor,
       ChainExecutor,
       SyncExecutor,
       create_output_converter,
       create_visualizer,
       ModelContainer
   )

   # specify input stream (path to images or folders)
   input_stream = "/path/to/input"
   # create model container
   model = ModelContainer(model_dir)
   # create visualizer
   visualizer = create_visualizer(model.task_type)

   # create inferencer (Sync, Async or Chain)
   inferencer = SyncExecutor(model, visualizer)
   # inference and show results
   inferencer.run(input_stream, loop=True)

   ```

>    > **NOTE**: Model wrappers contains pre- and postprocessing operations needed to inference. Default name of model wrapper provided in `config.json` as `type_of_model`. The wrappers themselves stored at model wrapper folder or at ModelAPI OMZ. To get more information please see [ModelAPI](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/demos/common/python/openvino/model_zoo/model_api). If you want to use your own model wrapper you should create wrapper in `model_wrappers` directory (if there is no this directory create it) and change `type_of_model` field in `config.json` according to wrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE**: Model wrappers contain pre- and postprocessing operations needed for inference. Default name of model wrapper provided in `config.json` as `type_of_model`. The wrappers themselves stored in model wrapper folder or at ModelAPI OMZ. To get more information please see [ModelAPI](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/demos/common/python/openvino/model_zoo/model_api). If you want to use your own model wrapper you should create wrapper in `model_wrappers` directory and change `type_of_model` field in `config.json` according to wrapper.
```

Reviewer: In general, it seems to me that you're trying to address two separate points in a single readme file:

1. Provide description of the generated exportable code (which this readme is a part of) archive and manual for setting it up and running.
2. Developers guide for exportable code related stuff.

If so, I'd propose to explicitly split it into two pieces and distribute only the first one along with the exportable code archive.

Author: I deleted developer guide from this readme. I agree that it should be separated part. Maybe it make sense to add `how to` notebook, but not in this PR.

## Troubleshooting

1. If you have access to the Internet through the proxy server only, please use pip with proxy call as demonstrated by command below:
   ```
   python -m pip install --proxy http://<usr_name>:<password>@<proxyserver_name>:<port#> <pkg_name>
   ```

2. If you use Anaconda environment, you should consider that OpenVINO has limited [Conda support](https://docs.openvino.ai/2021.4/openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_conda.html) for Python 3.6 and 3.7 versions only. But the demo package requires python 3.8. So please use other tools to create the environment (like `venv` or `virtualenv`) and use `pip` as a package manager.

> 3. If you have problems when you try yo use `pip install` command, please update pip version by following command:

Reviewer: Yo! Please correct spelling thoroughly everywhere.

```
usage: demo.py [-h] -i INPUT -m MODELS [MODELS ...] [-it {sync,async}] [-l]
Options:
  -h, --help            Show this help message and exit.
  -i INPUT, --input INPUT
                        Required. An input to process. The input must be a
                        single image, a folder of images, video file or camera
                        id.
  -m MODELS [MODELS ...], --models MODELS [MODELS ...]
                        Required. Path to directory with trained model and
                        configuration file. If you provide several models you
                        will start the task chain pipeline with the provided
                        models in the order in which they were specified
  -it {sync,async}, --inference_type {sync,async}
                        Optional. Type of inference for single model
  -l, --loop            Optional. Enable reading the input in a loop.
```

As a model, you can use path to model directory from generated zip. So you can use the following command to do inference with a pre-trained model:

```
python3 demo.py \
  -i <path_to_video>/inputVideo.mp4 \

>   -m <path_to_model> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -m <path_to_model>
```
